docs: update  affix to data-table doc (#126)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/back-top/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| bottom | `number \| string` | `40` | The height of BackTop from the bottom of the page |
| listen-to | `string \| HTMLElement` | `undefined` | The element to be listened to scroll event. If it is `undefined` back top will listen to the nearest scrollable parent. |
| right | `number \| string` | `40` | The width of BackTop from the right side of the page |
| show | `boolean` | `undefined` | Whether to show BackTop |
| to | `string \| HTMLElement` | `'body'` | Container node to show BackTop |

> | visibility-height | `number` | `180` | 滚动时触发的高度 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| visibility-height | `number` | `180` | BackTop's trigger scroll top. |
```

> | on-update:show | `(value: boolean) => void` | `undefined` | Event is triggered when BackTop show changes |

Reviewer 2: _Event that is triggered when BackTop..._ and I'm a bit confused here, because it could be either _shows changes_ or _display changes_ (probably the latter)

> | on-update:show | `(value: boolean) => void` | `undefined` | Event is triggered when BackTop show changes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-update:show | `(value: boolean) => void` | `undefined` | Callback is triggered when back-top display changes. |
```
